Add documentation on GM notifications (#6684)
mattermost/docs: source/collaborate/channel-types.rst

Direct messages
---------------

> Direct messages are channels for conversations between two people. You can also start a direct message with people on other teams when enabled by the System Admin. Only members of the conversation can see direct messages and channel heading information, including last active status of the other user, when enabled. Due to the direct nature of these messages, they will always generate a badge, and a notification unless the channel is muted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct messages are channels for conversations between 2 people. You can also start a direct message with people on other teams `when enabled by the system admin </configure/site-configuration-settings.html#users-restrictdirectmessage>`__. Only members of the conversation can see direct messages and channel heading information, including the last active status of the other user (when enabled). Due to the direct nature of these messages, they will always display a new message badge, and trigger a notification, unless the channel is muted.
```

Group messages
--------------

> Group messages are channels for conversations among three or more people and up to seven people. You can also start a group message with people on other teams when enabled by the System Admin. Only members of the conversation can see group messages. Due to the direct nature of these messages, they will always generate a badge, and a notification unless the channel is muted. If you want to tweak what triggers a notification in these channels, check here how to manage your notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group messages are channels for conversations among 3 or more people and up to 7 people. You can also start a group message with people on other teams when `enabled by the system admin </configure/site-configuration-settings.html#users-restrictdirectmessage>`__. Only members of the conversation can see group messages. Due to the direct nature of these messages, they will always display a new message badge, and trigger a notification, unless the channel is muted. See the `notification documentation </preferences/manage-your-notifications.html>`__ to learn more about customizing channel notifications.
```

> Group messages are channels for conversations among three or more people and up to seven people. You can also start a group message with people on other teams when enabled by the System Admin. Only members of the conversation can see group messages. Due to the direct nature of these messages, they will always generate a badge, and a notification unless the channel is muted. If you want to tweak what triggers a notification in these channels, check here how to manage your notifications.

Reviewer: @larkox - Thank you for this docs PR! I've provided inline suggestions/updates, including relative links to related docs topics.

Direct messages
---------------

Direct messages are channels for conversations between 2 people. You can start a direct message with people on other teams `when enabled by the system admin </configure/site-configuration-settings.html#users-restrictdirectmessage>`__. Only members of the conversation can see direct messages and channel heading information, including the last active status of the other user. 

> Direct messages always display a new message badge. Direct messages always trigger a notification, unless you mute the channel, or you disable notifications altogether. See the `notification documentation </preferences/manage-your-notifications.html>`__ for details on customizing notifications based on your preferences.

Author: It sounds a bit weird to me that we start both sentences with `Direct messages always`. A bit too repetitive. But maybe this way the messages gets through better. 0/5

> Direct messages always display a new message badge. Direct messages always trigger a notification, unless you mute the channel, or you disable notifications altogether. See the `notification documentation </preferences/manage-your-notifications.html>`__ for details on customizing notifications based on your preferences.

Reviewer 2: Propose rewording to "Direct messages increments the numbered badge. It will trigger a notification unless the direct message is muted or your notifications is disabled altogether..."

Group messages
--------------

> Group messages are channels for conversations among 3 or more people and up to 7 people. You can also start a group message with people on other teams when `enabled by the system admin </configure/site-configuration-settings.html#users-restrictdirectmessage>`__. Only members of the conversation can see group messages. Group messages always display a new message badge.

Author: Group messages always display a new message badge... after v9.1, not before. Not sure if you want to make that distinction or not.

> Group messages are channels for conversations among 3 or more people and up to 7 people. You can also start a group message with people on other teams when `enabled by the system admin </configure/site-configuration-settings.html#users-restrictdirectmessage>`__. Only members of the conversation can see group messages. Group messages always display a new message badge.

Reviewer 2: Let's detach "channels" from DMs/GMs. Propose rewording to:
"Group messages are for conversations between 3-7 people..."

"Group messages increment the numbered badge."
